---
title: "About me"
template: "page"
---



Hi, welcome to my site. My name is Mehul and I'm based in London. I
plan to share my thoughts on the world of tech, finance and things
I've learnt as a software developer.

After graduating with a degree is Mathematics, I worked in The City
for a number of years. I decided to change track and I've been coding
for seven years. I've worked as a freelance consultant in many
different areas, here are my preferences:

Full stack web development. I like to work with Node, Mongo/Postgres,
Linux (Ubuntu), AWS, Webpack, Bootstrap, Gulp.js, React.js,
Gatsby.js. I write in VS Code and Emacs. I've played around with
Golang, Clojure, Haskell and Scala. I like to find elegant functional
programming solutions (with immutable data structures) where possible.

Design. I am comfortable designing and building dashboards with very
little guidance. I have built complex systems using React Data Grid
and Material-UI recently.

Business. I have a background in Finance and I provide business advice
to small startups. I worked trained as an accountant at PwC
specialising in Private Equity and Investment Management. I worked in
investment in the Complex Foreign Exchange and Interest Swaps
valuation team.

I really enjoy making art using Processing, Quil and p5.js. I'm
learning how to write GLSL pixel shaders next.

I've taken multiple online courses in Computer Science, Data Science,
Software Engineering and Machine Learning. I attended the Recurse
Center in NYC in 2013 and it was instrumental in making me the
programmer I am today. It's the best programmer community I've come
across.

I like to work in small flexible teams that strive to write elegant code.
I'm also interested in meditation, yoga, reading, stand-up comedy,
cooking and learning. If I'm not learning, I'm not happy.
